Card Name	Mana Cost	Type Line	Power	Toughness	Text Box
Act of Treason	2R	Sorcery			Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. (It can attack and {T} this turn.)
Æther Adept	1UU	Creature - Human Wizard	2	2	"When Æther Adept enters the battlefield, return target creature to its owner's hand."
Air Servant	4U	Creature - Elemental	4	3	"Flying. {2}{U}: Tap target creature with flying."
Ajani's Mantra	1W	Enchantment			"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may gain 1 life."
Ajani's Pridemate	1W	Creature - Cat Soldier	2	2	"Whenever you gain life, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Ajani's Pridemate. (For example, if an effect causes you to gain 3 life, you may put one +1/+1 counter on this creature.)"
Ancient Hellkite	4RRR	Creature - Dragon	6	6	"Flying. {R}: Ancient Hellkite deals 1 damage to target creature defending player controls. Activate this ability only if Ancient Hellkite is attacking."
Angelic Arbiter	5WW	Creature - Angel	5	6	"Flying. Each opponent who cast a spell this turn can't attack with creatures. Each opponent who attacked with a creature this turn can't cast spells."
Armored Ascension	3W	Enchantment - Aura			"Enchant creature. Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each Plains you control and has flying."
Armored Cancrix	4U	Creature - Crab	2	5	
Assassinate	2B	Sorcery			Destroy target tapped creature.
Augury Owl	1U	Creature - Bird	1	1	"Flying. When Augury Owl enters the battlefield, scry 3. (To scry 3, look at the top three cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"
Awakener Druid	2G	Creature - Human Druid	1	1	"When Awakener Druid enters the battlefield, target Forest becomes a 4/5 green Treefolk creature for as long as Awakener Druid is on the battlefield. It's still a land."
Azure Drake	3U	Creature - Drake	2	4	Flying.
Back to Nature	1G	Instant			Destroy all enchantments.
Barony Vampire	2B	Creature - Vampire	3	2	
Berserkers of Blood Ridge	4R	Creature - Human Berserker	4	4	Berserkers of Blood Ridge attacks each turn if able.
Blinding Mage	1W	Creature - Human Wizard	1	2	"{W}, {T}: Tap target creature."
Bloodthrone Vampire	1B	Creature - Vampire	1	1	Sacrifice a creature: Bloodthrone Vampire gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Call to Mind	2U	Sorcery			Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.
Canyon Minotaur	3R	Creature - Minotaur Warrior	3	3	
Captivating Vampire	1BB	Creature - Vampire	2	2	"Other Vampire creatures you control get +1/+1. Tap five untapped Vampires you control: Gain control of target creature. It becomes a Vampire in addition to its other types."
Chandra's Outrage	2RR	Instant			Chandra's Outrage deals 4 damage to target creature and 2 damage to that creature's controller.
Chandra's Spitfire	2R	Creature - Elemental	1	3	"Flying. Whenever an opponent is dealt noncombat damage, Chandra's Spitfire gets +3/+0 until end of turn."
Child of Night	1B	Creature - Vampire	2	1	Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)
Cloud Crusader	2WW	Creature - Human Knight	2	3	"Flying. First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)"
Cloud Elemental	2U	Creature - Elemental	2	3	"Flying. Cloud Elemental can block only creatures with flying."
Condemn	W	Instant			Put target attacking creature on the bottom of its owner's library. Its controller gains life equal to its toughness.
Conundrum Sphinx	2UU	Creature - Sphinx	4	4	"Flying. Whenever Conundrum Sphinx attacks, each player names a card. Then each player reveals the top card of his or her library. If the card a player revealed is the card he or she named, that player puts it into his or her hand. If it's not, that player puts it on the bottom of his or her library."
Corrupt	5B	Sorcery			Corrupt deals damage equal to the number of Swamps you control to target creature or player. You gain life equal to the damage dealt this way.
Crystal Ball	3	Artifact			"{1}, {T}: Scry 2. (To scry 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"
Cultivate	2G	Sorcery			"Search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal those cards, and put one onto the battlefield tapped and the other into your hand. Then shuffle your library."
Cyclops Gladiator	1RRR	Creature - Cyclops Warrior	4	4	"Whenever Cyclops Gladiator attacks, you may have it deal damage equal to its power to target creature defending player controls. If you do, that creature deals damage equal to its power to Cyclops Gladiator."
Diabolic Tutor	2BB	Sorcery			Search your library for a card and put that card into your hand. Then shuffle your library.
Doom Blade	1B	Instant			Destroy target nonblack creature.
Duress	B	Sorcery			"Target opponent reveals his or her hand. You choose a noncreature, nonland card from it. That player discards that card."
Duskdale Wurm	5GG	Creature - Wurm	7	7	"Trample (If this creature would assign enough damage to its blockers to destroy them, you may have it assign the rest of its damage to defending player or planeswalker.)"
Earth Servant	5R	Creature - Elemental	4	4	Earth Servant gets +0/+1 for each Mountain you control.
Elite Vanguard	W	Creature - Human Soldier	2	1	
Ember Hauler	RR	Creature - Goblin	2	2	"{1}, Sacrifice Ember Hauler: Ember Hauler deals 2 damage to target creature or player."
Fiery Hellhound	1RR	Creature - Elemental Hound	2	2	{R}: Fiery Hellhound gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Fire Servant	3RR	Creature - Elemental	4	3	"If a red instant or sorcery spell you control would deal damage, it deals double that damage instead."
Fireball	XR	Sorcery			"Fireball deals X damage divided evenly, rounded down, among any number of target creatures and/or players. Fireball costs {1} more to cast for each target beyond the first."
Fling	1R	Instant			"As an additional cost to cast Fling, sacrifice a creature. Fling deals damage equal to the sacrificed creature's power to target creature or player."
Foresee	3U	Sorcery			"Scry 4, then draw two cards. (To scry 4, look at the top four cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"
Forest		Basic Land - Forest			G
Garruk's Packleader	4G	Creature - Beast	4	4	"Whenever another creature with power 3 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, you may draw a card."
Giant Growth	G	Instant			Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.
Giant Spider	3G	Creature - Spider	2	4	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Goblin Piker	1R	Creature - Goblin Warrior	2	1	
Goblin Tunneler	1R	Creature - Goblin Rogue	1	1	{T}: Target creature with power 2 or less is unblockable this turn.
Greater Basilisk	3GG	Creature - Basilisk	3	5	Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)
Harbor Serpent	4UU	Creature - Serpent	5	5	"Islandwalk (This creature is unblockable as long as defending player controls an Island.) Harbor Serpent can't attack unless there are five or more Islands on the battlefield."
Howling Banshee	2BB	Creature - Spirit	3	3	"Flying. When Howling Banshee enters the battlefield, each player loses 3 life."
Infantry Veteran	W	Creature - Human Soldier	1	1	{T}: Target attacking creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Inspired Charge	2WW	Instant			Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.
Island		Basic Land - Island			U
Jace's Ingenuity	3UU	Instant			Draw three cards.
Lava Axe	4R	Sorcery			Lava Axe deals 5 damage to target player.
Lightning Bolt	R	Instant			Lightning Bolt deals 3 damage to target creature or player.
Llanowar Elves	G	Creature - Elf Druid	1	1	{T}: Add {G} to your mana pool.
Maritime Guard	1U	Creature - Merfolk Soldier	1	3	
Mighty Leap	1W	Instant			Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains flying until end of turn.
Mind Control	3UU	Enchantment - Aura			"Enchant creature. You control enchanted creature."
Mind Rot	2B	Sorcery			Target player discards two cards.
Mountain		Basic Land - Mountain			R
Naturalize	1G	Instant			Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
Nature's Spiral	1G	Sorcery			"Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand. (A permanent card is an artifact, creature, enchantment, land, or planeswalker card.)"
Negate	1U	Instant			Counter target noncreature spell.
Overwhelming Stampede	3GG	Sorcery			"Until end of turn, creatures you control gain trample and get +X/+X, where X is the greatest power among creatures you control. (If a creature you control would assign enough damage to its blockers to destroy them, you may have it assign the rest of its damage to defending player or planeswalker.)"
Pacifism	1W	Enchantment - Aura			"Enchant creature. Enchanted creature can't attack or block."
Palace Guard	2W	Creature - Human Soldier	1	4	Palace Guard can block any number of creatures.
Plains		Basic Land - Plains			W
Plummet	1G	Instant			Destroy target creature with flying.
Preordain	U	Sorcery			"Scry 2, then draw a card. (To scry 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"
Prized Unicorn	3G	Creature - Unicorn	2	2	All creatures able to block Prized Unicorn do so.
Prodigal Pyromancer	2R	Creature - Human Wizard	1	1	{T}: Prodigal Pyromancer deals 1 damage to target creature or player.
Protean Hydra	XG	Creature - Hydra	0	0	"Protean Hydra enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it. If damage would be dealt to Protean Hydra, prevent that damage and remove that many +1/+1 counters from it. Whenever a +1/+1 counter is removed from Protean Hydra, put two +1/+1 counters on it at the beginning of the next end step."
Quag Sickness	2B	Enchantment - Aura			"Enchant creature. Enchanted creature gets -1/-1 for each Swamp you control."
Reassembling Skeleton	1B	Creature - Skeleton Warrior	1	1	{1}{B}: Return Reassembling Skeleton from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.
Rise from the Grave	4B	Sorcery			Put target creature card in a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. That creature is a black Zombie in addition to its other colors and types.
Royal Assassin	1BB	Creature - Human Assassin	1	1	{T}: Destroy target tapped creature.
Runeclaw Bear	1G	Creature - Bear	2	2	
Sacred Wolf	2G	Creature - Wolf	3	1	Sacred Wolf can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.
Safe Passage	2W	Instant			Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you and creatures you control this turn.
Scroll Thief	2U	Creature - Merfolk Rogue	1	3	"Whenever Scroll Thief deals combat damage to a player, draw a card."
Serra Angel	3WW	Creature - Angel	4	4	"Flying. Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)"
Shiv's Embrace	2RR	Enchantment - Aura			"Enchant creature. Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has flying. {R}: Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn."
Siege Mastodon	4W	Creature - Elephant	3	5	
Silvercoat Lion	1W	Creature - Cat	2	2	
Sleep	2UU	Sorcery			Tap all creatures target player controls. Those creatures don't untap during that player's next untap step.
Solemn Offering	2W	Sorcery			Destroy target artifact or enchantment. You gain 4 life.
Sorcerer's Strongbox	4	Artifact			"{2}, {T}: Flip a coin. If you win the flip, sacrifice Sorcerer's Strongbox and draw three cards."
Spined Wurm	4G	Creature - Wurm	5	4	
Stabbing Pain	B	Instant			Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn. Tap that creature.
Stone Golem	5	Artifact Creature - Golem	4	4	
Stormtide Leviathan	5UUU	Creature - Leviathan	8	8	"Islandwalk (This creature is unblockable as long as defending player controls an Island.) All lands are Islands in addition to their other types. Creatures without flying or islandwalk can't attack."
Swamp		Basic Land - Swamp			B
Sylvan Ranger	1G	Creature - Elf Scout	1	1	"When Sylvan Ranger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."
Unsummon	U	Instant			Return target creature to its owner's hand.
Vengeful Archon	4WWW	Creature - Archon	7	7	"Flying. {X}: Prevent the next X damage that would be dealt to you this turn. If damage is prevented this way, Vengeful Archon deals that much damage to target player."
Viscera Seer	B	Creature - Vampire Wizard	1	1	"Sacrifice a creature: Scry 1. (To scry 1, look at the top card of your library, then you may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"
Wall of Frost	1UU	Creature - Wall	0	7	"Defender (This creature can't attack.) Whenever Wall of Frost blocks a creature, that creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."
War Priest of Thune	1W	Creature - Human Cleric	2	2	"When War Priest of Thune enters the battlefield, you may destroy target enchantment."
Warlord's Axe	3	Artifact - Equipment			"Equipped creature gets +3/+1. Equip {4} ({4}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"
Water Servant	2UU	Creature - Elemental	3	4	"{U}: Water Servant gets +1/-1 until end of turn. {U}: Water Servant gets -1/+1 until end of turn."
Whispersilk Cloak	3	Artifact - Equipment			"Equipped creature is unblockable. Equipped creature has shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.) Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"
White Knight	WW	Creature - Human Knight	2	2	"First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.) Protection from black (This creature can't be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, or enchanted by anything black.)"
Yavimaya Wurm	4GG	Creature - Wurm	6	4	"Trample (If this creature would assign enough damage to its blockers to destroy them, you may have it assign the rest of its damage to defending player or planeswalker.)"




